README.md, before:

# Twitter Collection Utilities

## Description

This is a set of Python scripts that performs some usual data collection tasks from Twitter. This includes continuos crawling of the tweets of a list of users or getting all the tweets from a user's timeline.

## Installation

How to install (make the packaging)

**Add the Twitter API Keys (required)**

In order for your scripts to run, you need to authenticate with the Twitter API. This can be done by using the 4 keys Twitter provides you when you register an application. For more information go to https://dev.twitter.com/ To use some scripts (e.g. follow.py) you need to add the read&write access for your application.

You may have multiple consumers, associated with different accounts/applications. You should store these keys in your home directory in a file named .twittertokens The file should contain the 4 keys associated with an application on each line in the following format:
ConsumerKey,ConsumerSecret,AccessToken,AccessSecret

Whenever consumerid is mentioned, it is a integer value k that indicates the credentials on the line k-1 of the file. If not specified, the default consumerid is always 0.

## Scripts

#### ch.py

Gets the historical tweets of a list of users

	python ch.py userfile consumerid targetfolder

userfile - file with the list of user ids, one/line (default 'user-file')

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

targetfolder - the target folder name (default 'timelines', creates the folder if it doesn't exist)

#### dedupl.sh

Deduplicates files of tweets
 
	./dedupl.sh folder

folder - folder of tweet files that need deduplication (relative to script location)

#### follow.py

Follows a list of users from the current account.

	python follow.py userfile consumerid iter wait

userfile - file with the list of user ids, one/line (default 'user-file')

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

iter - number of batches to split the users into (default 10)

wait - wait period between batches of follow requests (default 3600)

#### monitor-timeline.py

Gets the timeline of a user and updates every minute. Outputs in a separate file every day.

	python monitor-timeline.py consumerid

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

#### monitor-users.py

Gets the historical tweets of a list of users and then updates the files at a regular time interval. If given a folder with existing tweet files for the users, resumes from the last seen tweet.

        python ch.py userfile consumerid targetfolder wait

userfile - file with the list of user ids, one/line (default 'user-file')

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

targetfolder - the target folder name (default 'timelines', creates the folder if it doesn't exist)

wait - waiting time when finished an update (default 3600)

#### oauth.py - use twitter api as with curl

	python oauth.py url consumerid

Can be ran as standalone script, without using the Twitter python package

url - url address to the Twitter API

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

*Example*

	python oauth.py https://api.twitter.com/1/statuses/home_timeline.json

## Bugs

I am currently running continuously all the scripts and hope to have eliminated all the bugs so the scripts are safe to be run without needing to worry about crashing. However, if you encounter any bugs, please tell me. All the scripts were tested under Unix.

## To add

Generalize some functions

## Licence

Commit message:

removed ch, added monitor-users as cron job

README.md, after:

# Twitter Collection Utilities

## Description

This is a set of Python scripts that performs some usual data collection tasks from Twitter. This includes continuos crawling of the tweets of a list of users or getting all the tweets from a user's timeline.

## Installation

How to install (make the packaging)

**Add the Twitter API Keys (required)**

In order for your scripts to run, you need to authenticate with the Twitter API. This can be done by using the 4 keys Twitter provides you when you register an application. For more information go to https://dev.twitter.com/ To use some scripts (e.g. follow.py) you need to add the read&write access for your application.

You may have multiple consumers, associated with different accounts/applications. You should store these keys in your home directory in a file named .twittertokens The file should contain the 4 keys associated with an application on each line in the following format:
ConsumerKey,ConsumerSecret,AccessToken,AccessSecret

Whenever consumerid is mentioned, it is a integer value k that indicates the credentials on the line k-1 of the file. If not specified, the default consumerid is always 0.

## Scripts

#### dedupl.sh

Deduplicates files of tweets
 
	./dedupl.sh folder

folder - folder of tweet files that need deduplication (relative to script location)

#### follow.py

Follows a list of users from the current account.

	python follow.py userfile consumerid iter wait

userfile - file with the list of user ids, one/line (default 'user-file')

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

iter - number of batches to split the users into (default 10)

wait - wait period between batches of follow requests (default 3600)

#### monitor-timeline.py

Gets the timeline of a user and updates every minute. Outputs in a separate file every day.

	python monitor-timeline.py consumerid

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

#### monitor-users.py

Gets the historical tweets of a list of users. If given a folder where tweet files of users exists, resumes from the last seen tweet. Suitable for running as a cron job in order to update the tweets at a regular time interval.

        python ch.py userfile consumerid targetfolder

userfile - file with the list of user ids, one/line (default 'user-file')

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

targetfolder - the target folder name (default 'timelines', creates the folder if it doesn't exist)

#### oauth.py - use twitter api as with curl

	python oauth.py url consumerid

Can be ran as standalone script, without using the Twitter python package

url - url address to the Twitter API

consumerid - number of consumer (see installation section)

*Example*

	python oauth.py https://api.twitter.com/1/statuses/home_timeline.json

## Bugs

The scripts were all ran continuously and all the bugs seem to have been eliminated, so the scripts are safe to be run without needing to worry about crashing. However, if you encounter any bugs, please tell me. All the scripts were tested under Unix.

## To add

Generalize some functions

## Licence
